Describe `specifier_syntax` (#50)
rgommers/peps: peps/pep-9999.rst

      - Short identifier for this package manager (usually the command name)
      - True
    * - ``commands``
      - ``dict[Literal['install', 'query'], dict[Literal['command', 'requires_elevation', 'multiple_specifiers'], list[str] | bool | Literal['always', 'name-only', 'never']]]``
      - Commands used to install or query the given package(s). Only two keys
        are allowed: ``install`` and ``query``. Their value is a dictionary
        with:

        - a required key ``command`` that takes a list of strings
          (as expected by ``subprocess.run``).

        - an optional ``requires_elevation`` boolean (``False`` by default)

>           to indicate whether the command must run with elevated permissions (
>           e.g. administrator on Windows, superuser on Linux and macOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          to indicate whether the command must run with elevated permissions
          (e.g. administrator on Windows, superuser on Linux and macOS).
```

        per command.
      - True
    * - ``specifier_syntax``
      - ``dict[Literal['name_only', 'exact_version', 'version_ranges'], None | list[str] | dict[Literal['and', 'equal', 'greater_than', 'greater_than_equal', 'less_than', 'less_than_equal', 'not_equal', 'syntax'], None | str | list[str]]``
      - Mapping of allowed PEP440 version comparison operators to the syntax
        used in this package manager. Three top-level keys are accepted:

        - ``name_only`` takes a list of strings as the syntax used for specifiers
          that do not contain any version information; it MUST include the placeholder
          ``{name}``.

        - ``exact_version`` takes a list of strings as the syntax used for
          specifiers that only express an exact version constraints; it must
          include the placeholders ``{name}`` and ``{version}``.

        - ``version_ranges`` is a dictionary where:

          - the key ``syntax`` takes a list of strings that MUST include the
            ``{ranges}`` placeholder (to be replaced by the maybe-joined
            version constraints, to be determined by the value of ``and``) and
            MAY include the ``{name}`` placeholder.

>           - the keys ``equal``, ``greater_than``, ``greater_than_equal``,
>             ``less_than``, ``less_than_equal``, and ``not_equal`` take a string
>             that MUST include the ``{version}`` placeholder, and MAY include
>             ``{name}``, or ``None`` to indicate that the respective operator is
>             not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - the keys ``equal``, ``greater_than``, ``greater_than_equal``,
            ``less_than``, ``less_than_equal``, and ``not_equal`` take a string
            if the operator is supported, ``None`` otherwise. In the former case,
            the value MUST include the ``{version}`` placeholder, and MAY include
            ``{name}``.
```

Otherwise it reads like "MAY include `{name}` or `None`".

Also, do we require all keys to be present, or do we assume that missing = None?

Author: See [3541839](https://github.com/rgommers/peps/pull/50/commits/3541839500f4ad5aed346a32f1c443abd583f61a) and [42fe19b](https://github.com/rgommers/peps/pull/50/commits/42fe19b4eb8207e109f6e0acefad070af59a2807)

      - True
    * - ``specifier_syntax``
      - ``dict[Literal['name_only', 'exact_version', 'version_ranges'], None | list[str] | dict[Literal['and', 'equal', 'greater_than', 'greater_than_equal', 'less_than', 'less_than_equal', 'not_equal', 'syntax'], None | str | list[str]]``
      - Mapping of allowed PEP440 version specifiers to the syntax used in this
        package manager. Three top-level keys are expected and required:

        - ``name_only`` MUST take a list of strings as the syntax used for specifiers
          that do not contain any version information; it MUST include the placeholder
          ``{name}``.

        - ``exact_version`` MUST be ``None`` or a list of strings that describe
          the syntax used for specifiers that only express exact version
          constraints; the placeholders ``{name}`` and ``{version}`` MUST be

>           present in at least one string each.

Author: Let me apply your suggestion and give it one more try.

      - Short identifier for this package manager (usually the command name)
      - True
    * - ``commands``
      - ``dict[Literal['install', 'query'], dict[Literal['command', 'requires_elevation', 'multiple_specifiers'], list[str] | bool | Literal['always', 'name-only', 'never']]]``
      - Commands used to install or query the given package(s).
        Only two keys are allowed: ``install`` and ``query``. Their value is a
        dictionary with a required key ``command`` that takes a list of strings
        (as expected by ``subprocess.run``), an optional ``requires_elevation``
        boolean (``False`` by default) to indicate whether the command must run

>         with elevated permissions, and an enum ``multiple_specifiers`` that

Author: I use elevated permissions to mean "administrator account" in Windows and "superuser" in Unix. How would you define "elevated" in a OS-agnostic way?

>         with elevated permissions, and an enum ``multiple_specifiers`` that

Author: See [`e79ac88` (#50)](https://github.com/rgommers/peps/pull/50/commits/e79ac8812cdcc2015878d3b8ee37e7ee43d4d102)
